---
slug: welcome
title: Welcome
author: Isik
author_title: Backend Team Lead @ vivoo
author_url: https://isikhuseyin.com/
author_image_url: https://gitlab.com/uploads/-/system/user/avatar/4595338/avatar.png?width=400
tags: [hello, isikhuseyin, cover letter, resume, cv]
---

Huseyin Isik is a Software Developer and Backend Team Leader with over 5 years of startup experience in the industry.

His core expertise includes Node.js, Nest.js, Express, Vue.js, MongoDB, Docker, Kubernetes, Git, Microservices, GitLab CI/CD, LLMs, Data Pipelines, ML and Linux. He actively contributes to open source projects, sharing his work through Github(https://github.com/isikhi) and GitLab(https://gitlab.com/isikhi).

At Vivoo, he leads the backend development and process infrastructure for the first AI/ML-powered home urine test and mobile application. His responsibilities encompass remote team management, software development lifecycle planning, code reviews, and development of scalable architectures. He prioritizes security and data privacy, implementing OAuth 2.0 and AWS Cognito authentication solutions, while ensuring robust internationalization support for global applications. Under his leadership, the platform maintains over 99.99% SLA uptime while serving multi-tenant B2B and B2C software services.

With a unique background in Biomedical and Electronics, complemented by a degree in Management Information Systems, Huseyin is currently pursuing a Master's degree in Cybersecurity at Marmara University. His credentials include certifications in NestJS Fundamentals and Introduction to Machine Learning.

His commitment to education extends beyond his professional work - he has volunteered as a coding instructor at the Contemporary Life Support Association, teaching basic science and programming to children aged 9-18, aiming to nurture conscious and productive digital citizens.

As a team leader, Huseyin emphasizes strong communication, mentorship, and collaboration with stakeholders to deliver optimal solutions. He maintains high code quality standards through thorough code reviews and modern development practices.

Driven by continuous learning, Huseyin has recently developed a keen interest in Large Language Models (LLMs) and machine learning technologies, exploring their potential in software development. His technical expertise, combined with leadership abilities and project management skills, makes him an effective Backend Team Leader focused on delivering innovative solutions.